it's been a long wait but a world
warriors are back with a vengeance this
time it's not just familiar faces
our fighters it I ultimate battle for
supremacy on the world stage there's a
brand new story just waiting to be
discovered the ring plays host to many
surprises seemingly is bin
look we use their technique rather than
their size to stage glorious comeback
like well and your exploits
here
right by showing off your cool the fight
is almost ready
yes
oh you are you pumped you have scared
are you your psych yourself out man yeah
pictures of biting your head how will
the battleship yeah how
good
Oh
Brooks do it
member
you